gh-103462: Ensure SelectorSocketTransport.writelines registers a writer when data is still pending (#103463)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2023-04-12-06-00-02.gh-issue-103462.w6yBlM.rst

> Fixed an issue with using :meth:`writelines` in :mod:`asyncio` to send very
> large payloads that exceed the amount of data that can be written in one
> call to :meth:`socket.socket.send` or :meth:`socket.socket.sendmsg`,
> resulting in the remaining buffer being left unwritten. This is fixed by
> registering a writer when the buffer still exists after the first write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue with using :meth:`~asyncio.WriteTransport.writelines` in :mod:`asyncio` to send very
large payloads that exceed the amount of data that can be written in one
call to :meth:`socket.socket.send` or :meth:`socket.socket.sendmsg`,
resulting in the remaining buffer being left unwritten.
```

Author: Whooops! Thanks for fixing that!
